MAKE SURE TO READ INSTRUCTIONS FIRST

MY IDEA
I wanted my sketch to represent non nurotypical struggles with time, also known as time blindness. 
In this age, all humans rely on some kind of external tool (the sun position, clocks, alarms) to track time, using our internal perception time to estimate the real time inbetween checking this external tool. For people with ADHD and Austism, this internal clock is completely uncalibrated to external or "real" time. This means people with ADHD and Autism may depend on this external time tool much more, losing their sense of time completely without it.

TLDR: I wanted my drawing to represent the non nurotypical struggle of tracking time without looking at an external clock.

INSTRUCTIONS: 

Left click the eye

FUNTION:

1. External time dots (white) dissapear, Internal time dots (blue) change randomly in size
   - represents a chaotic internal sense of time 
2. External time dots (white)  will appear, Internal time dots (blue) will follow sequencial path refrencing a cycle of time you see on a typical clock
   - represents stabilizing internal time by relying on external time 

CODE REFLECTION

I started by creating the base shapes needed for the visuals and creating the bool for the eye opening. I then connected that bool to the External time.
Coding the internal time came in two parts: Random size changes when the eye is closed and sequentially ordered size changes based on time. The random size changes were linked to each internal time variable and a timer. The squentail size changes were linked to each internal time variable and based directly on the current seconds int.
I made elements and shapes "Disapear" by changing the tranparency of the fill.
I feel like I could make this code a lot more simple and condensed using lists. That way I would be able to pull a specific variable from the list based on the second and apply the size changes to that specific variable instead of all of them individually.
I decided against this because I wanted to see the full thing written out to look back on for future refrence. I also don't quite understand how lists or arrays work in p5.js yet and don't wanna cry for 12 hours when it turns out to be less practicle than the origional.